You said it was unkempt before
Now turn around and wear gold and silver
Could it be that she is really the wife's biological mother?
Yes!
Didn't you see that slap was so loud?
It hurts to look at
Only he has never seen the world map
I don't think he's even as good as that toilet sweeper
Old Lady Sinoe
You bastards dare to speak ill of me behind my back
I'm not forgiving my life.
I know wrong
I don't dare to call a handsome guy anymore
You wait for me.
Yo, this old thing isn't tired of you yet
You stained hundreds of thousands of my clothes
You must learn a good lesson today
I know wrong
Please forgive me.
You guys hold your palms for me
What are you doing?